1. What is algebraic expression? How does it differs from mathematical formula?

    1.1 Algebraic expression is the expression which consists of constants, variables and algebraic operations
        Constants(a,b,c) and variables(integers, reals, roots) must be algebraic numbers and not transcendental(PI, complex).
    
    1.2 Mathematical formula build up with mathematical expression and can include transcendental numbers,
        or algebraic expression. However, the mathematical formulas includes assign(=) operation, while algebraic
        expression does not.

2. What is term rewriting? Is it the same as symbolic computation?

    2.1 Rewriting in computer science and math just replace the word formula, it allows to rewrite the expressions
        into different expressions in both ways. Example Logic (~~A --> A) (A --> ~~A)

    2.2 Symbolic computation in computer science is the way of manipulation of mathematical expression by computer. Is some
        sense this is the same as rewriting (we say the machine how mathematical expression can be represented in computer's data,
        and how to compute them)

3. What is symbolic computation comparing with numerical computation?

    3.1 Numerical computation includes only variables represented by numerical values, and do not include undefined constanst (letters),
        symbolic computation deals with complexity of numerical computations and constants ones.

4. What is the difference between evaluation and interpretation (in math sense)?

    4.1 Evaluation is the process of computation the expression by the substitution of each variable in it by the application of the
        mathematical operations. Example (5 + 5): Evaluation (5 + 5 = 10); Example (x + 5, where x is substituted by 5) Evaluation (5 + 5 = 10)

    4.2 Interpretation is the process of giving the meaning to math expression(symbols). Example ( * multiplication sign), we give
        the interpretation of math expression (a * b), where (* symbol) interpreted as multiplication between (a) and (b). We also, can
        give the different interpration of (* symbol) and say that in our case the interpration of (a * b) will be the summation
        between (a) and (b)   

5. What is lazy evaluation comparing with eager evaluation?

    5.1 Lazy evaluation is the process of the expression evaluation in time when the value is needed (right before the access)

    5.2 Eager evaluation is the process of the expression evaluation in time of definition(bounding) (right after the assignment)

6. How functional programming related to algebra systems?

    6.1 There is relation between functional programming and algebara systems, it allows to use different math expressions in different places,
        without side effect. The evaluation of the expression as well as evaluation of the function will be the same with the same parameters.

7. Is lambda function in Python a replacement for symbolic computation? If yes, why? If not, why not? Provide at least two examples.

    7.1 Lambda function is not replacement of symbolic computation. However, is it very similar. The lambda function works with subsitute value
        for symbols. Exmaple (add_one = lamda x: x + 1) (print(add_one(6) # returns 7))